[demo] Use k8sattributesprocessor instead of env vars (#817)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-demo/UPGRADING.md

# Upgrade guidelines

## To 0.24

This release uses the [kubernetes attributes processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/k8sattributesprocessor) 

> to add pod labels. If you override the processors array in your config, you will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to add kubernetes metadata as resource attributes. If you override the processors array in your config, you will 
```
